that is that captain cork book i will
I would sign this book then
really do this box but want to
box this happens but it is yet to come
four legs to this one for one can
also in the box and that here
riesling boxberger happy god
riesling on a very well known
winery is the largest single and very
simple but very nice that the crash
a weighty riesling very much
You can use zietlows a little differently
yes, but behind a nice pressure and
and one of the best boarding his
and germany so the very good year
Who in 2012 what is there but then
Here we are so awesome Germany
on sauvignon land clubhouse of the
around the rings yes the service with the
registers a brotherly was some very awesome
a very fantastic red wines but
also great if a very German
sauvignon so rather cooler than
Austrian that means the Italian
cinemas a cool mio yes the graphic
is more fruitful trick, too
something else not on this
Do not scan what the Australians are
not like this cat so far has
very cool but very emphasized
clear almost crystalline structure then
we have finished here soon
sound berger his young winemaker the
took over klingenberger with it
Chinese partner and that is
also very complex late burgundy
very elegant year very much cherry
plum not too much yes something would be
wonderful to do
In between , do not drink it
strong not so weighty though
incredibly elegant and what
Germany later and can be years
just be elegant and still
like
underweight a model that
heavyweight so that's something
smaller that is the one in the is a whole
Strange that is the property was there
montepulciano alicante boucher and massa
That's a 15 percent bomb I am
make no father of alcoholics
become present and one becomes certain
Alcohol is not there anymore
can
the 15 percent are very very good
involved in it is a parent
a bay but he is above all one
The camps will become those
it would be wrong to do that now too
Must be three years in the cellar
it is, so to speak, the whole package that we
These are the three who drink very fast
Some people can ask questions and that is
the one wise to be but
real children must lay three to
five years and then it will be a whole
let's go